#7857 improving contributing guidelines (#8097)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: CONTRIBUTING.md

The set of used rules can be found in the ESLint config package[eslint-config-mapstore](https://github.com/geosolutions-it/MapStore2/blob/master/utility/eslint/index.js) file, deployed on npm and configured in the `package.json`.

Additionally if you use VScode these are the extensions to install that will help notify lint errors on the fly
- [error lens](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=usernamehw.errorlens)
- [ESlint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)

> We suggest also to add the following configuration that will fix lint errors while saving the file (.vscode/settings.json)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We suggest also to add the following configuration that will fix lint errors while saving the file (`.vscode/settings.json`)
```

> We suggest also to add the following configuration that will fix lint errors while saving the file (.vscode/settings.json)
> 
>     "editor.codeActionsOnSave": {
>         "source.fixAll.eslint": true
>     },
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
We suggest also to add the following configuration that will fix lint errors while saving the file (`.vscode/settings.json`)
```
    "editor.codeActionsOnSave": {
        "source.fixAll.eslint": true
    },
```
````

### Be possible to merge automatically

Occasionally other changes to `master` might mean that your pull request cannot

> be merged automatically. In this case you may need to rebase your branch on a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be merged automatically. In this case you may need to merge your branch with 
```

> more recent `master`, resolve any conflicts, and `git push --force` to update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
more recent `master`, resolve any conflicts, and `git push` to update
```

> your branch so that it can be merged automatically. while doing the rebase
> do not squash anything so that it is easier to compare each change provided
> by the commits, especially for the one that solves the conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your branch so that it can be merged automatically. 
Please try to not rewrite the history of a pull request, or it will be very hard for the reviewer to see if the required changes has been applied, expecially for big pull requests than may otherwise need a complete re-review on every iteration. 
```
